[Blackpink House]
[#Blackpink #Reality]
[Thailand]
- Where are we? - Thailand. - We're in Thailand.
[Blackpink went off to Thailand
a week ago]
[Day 1 : morning in Thailand]
[A local restaurant hits the spot] Good.
[Day 1 : Afternoon in Thailand]
[Shopping heaven] - Pretty. - How's it?
[Customer review] [Lisa package is good for
the price] Lisa will buy me this. Thank you.
[In the meantime]
[At the same time]
[Someone came to an empty hotel room]
Hello? Anybody home?
[Mouth-watering]
[What is going on?]
[Chapter 4]
[#Blackpink_1st trip_since debut]
[#Teary_Surprise]
[#Another_gift_Another_memory]
[Coming back to their hotel room with no idea]
What? We don't need to put it in?
- There's food.
- What?
[What is all this?]
- There's food. - What?
Smell.
- This is Lisa's favorite.
- I saw that before.
- Mango sticky rice.
- Mango sticky rice. I'll try that.
Hey! You wanted to eat this!
[Pu Paht Pong Curry] [What Jennie wanted]
It was all here.
- Awesome.
- What's going on?
[We prepared everything
because we didn't know what you'd like!]
[Room service?]
[Who prepared this feast?]
This is my favorite.
How did you know that?
[It's my style!]
[Lisa's go-to foods are all on the table]
I love the bed.
[Wait...]
This is my mom's signature dish.
- Is it from your house then?
- Yeah.
[1. She thinks her mom made it]
- I think so. - Didn't your mom cook it?
[Just a coincidence] [2. It's room service]
- I doubt it. - Seriously!
[It's my favorite home-cooked dish]
- This is Lisa's favorite. - I love Rosti.
I don't think so.
[How strange...]
But I'm sure.
- You don't think so?
- Come on!
[I don't know what's going on but]
- This one's for sure. - Thank you for the food.
Let me taste it.
This is... I mean!
This pot is from my house!
She said it's from her house.
It was in my house.
Seriously! It's true.
[Just then]
Wait a moment!
[Startled]
[Oh come on... You don't say]
[Is this what we think it is?]
[It is!]
She was right!
[Surprise!]
[Lisa's father, as Lisa expected]
[And...]
[She always missed her mom]
[They all hug and welcome her parents]
[Dropping her head
not to show her tears]
[When I can't see you,
even when I see you]
[I always missed you... mom]
My mom would have texted me
immediately after I arrived in Thailand.
But I didn't hear from her at all.
So I wondered what was going on.
[Lisa has been waiting for her mom's text]
I wondered, "Is she still asleep"?
Turns out she prepared this surprise.
[Mommy waited for this moment
more than anyone]
Don't cry!
You're making me cry! No!
No, don't cry.
[Let me give you a hug]
[Hugging the other members]
[All of them are tearing up]
[Q. Why did you cry to see Lisa's parents?]
I went to Thailand early last year.
My parents and Lisa's
got together for a meal.
I saw her crying
and it made me tear up.
I kind of felt how much
she missed her daughter.
[Tearing up]
Rosti!
- You did this for us?
- Why are you crying?
[Lisa's favorite dad's disih]
Rosti! Thank you.
[Rosti]
I want to know which one is better.
The one you made or mine.
I think the one you made.
[Proud]
I'm sure.
Oh my gosh.
I wanted to try this!
- Khao Niaow Ma Muang.
- Khao Niaow Ma Muang?
[Mango sticky rice] [Khao Niaow Ma Muang]
It's so colorful.
I told you!
[See? Our pot!]
It's from my house!
- I said it's from my house.
- I was like, "Come on".
[Never say never, Jisoo]
I kept ignoring her.
Unbelievable.
[Ta-da]
[Lisa's father brought a bottle of champagne]
[Lisa is surprisingly calm] It's been awhile since
you saw her, how come you're so calm?
I almost cried, but I held back my tears.
Once I start crying,
it takes awhile for me to stop.
[She cries... She keeps crying]
- I feel like crying. - She's crying again.
[The table is filled with tears]
It's so touching.
I cry when other people cry.
Please stop.
- I have no sense of empathy.
- I cry when others cry.
[Same table, different goals]
- Wow. Food. - Look at my dad.
[Smile if you're happy. Why tears?]
- Thank you. - He's wearing his chef coat.
Blackpink in Thailand.
I toast to the super girls.
[Blackpink in Thai]
[To Super girls!]
[Cough]
- Welcome to Bangkok. - Thank you.
[Dad is choking up,
though he tried acting cool]
Dad, don't cry.
Thank you.
How do you make this?
[You mean... vegetable garnish?]
Don't tell me... your dad?
Did you make these, mom?
Yes.
[I had no idea...] [Surprised many times]
- Awesome. - Look at her face.
[I've never seen this]
Rediscovering your mom.
[Rediscover] [Lisa's mom's home cooking]
Thank you.
[Before Blackpink arrived]
[Lisa's mom and dad,
professional chef, prepared a meal]
[To our daughter's liking]
[Home-cooked meal]
[Enjoy your meal]
- Can we start now?
- For those, whenever eat this one, right?
[Aha!]
You take a fork
and you take bread.
[Poke bread!]
Bread and then stir a little bit.
[Fondue] - Jisoo's style.
- Right. I've been watching this.
And listen.
If you lose the bread.
[If you lose the bread...
Then what?]
You have to kiss the neighbor.
[My lips]
But today you're only girls.
But today only girls.
So buy a bottle of wine.
[Then I'll poke it real good]
[Swiss tradition]
[If someone loses their bread in the pot]
[A woman must kiss the man, the man must buy a bottle of wine] - If you lose the bread. - Try. Try.
- Don't lose the bread.
- Good.
[See?]
[Bread nicely covered in cheese]
[In one bite]
- Isn't it hot? - It's just right.
[Bread and cheese]
[Can't go wrong with this combination]
[Gasp]
She lost the cheese.
I mean, bread.
[Kiss kiss kiss]
No, no.
Serious face.
[Yum]
[My dad's food is the best!]
Try this.
[It's so good I want to dance]
[Feeling full just by watching them eat]
[Can't stop eating]
I'm so full, but it's so good.
- Right.
- Do you like it?
- I can eat this all day.
- Same here. - I'm glad to hear that.
I'm so full.
Try mango sticky rice.
[Colorful, tasty visual]
[Mango sticky rice]
I don't like mangoes.
[Really?]
[Me neither]
I don't like mangoes.
Same?
[Anti-mango alliance]
- I found a friend.
- It's hard not to like mangoes.
Since your parents cooked for us,
let's do something for them in return.
I wanted to make
special memories for Lisa's parents.
I heard they arrived early at 12 PM
to cook for us.
[So she got an idea]
I wanted to entertain them.
[Shake it shake it]
Let me fix you a drink.
[Jisoo's cocktail making]
[For Lisa's parents]
[Shake it shake it] - You dance like a show?
- He wants you to dance.
Coming soon.
[Pour refreshing orange juice]
[Mix passion fruit, a must-have ingredient
for cocktails]
[I like it]
- You're going to love it. - Yes.
She likes passion fruit.
- Mommy likes that.
- Then I'll add more.
[To your liking]
- 2 spoons. For mommy. - For mommy.
[Good]
Thank you.
[Add guava juice
and close the lid of shaker tightly]
- Shake it.
- Pretty good.
[Shake it]
[Mono tone]
- Boombayah. - Turn around.
[Reinterpreting Boombayah (feat. Lisa's daddy)]
"Boombayah".
[Just to make sure,
here's the original song]
[Boombayah cocktail]
[Bartender champion at heart, Jisoo]
You're so hilarious.
It looks like regular orange juice, right?
[Nice decoration]
The end of it is a little...
So cute.
- Pineapple.
Apple pen.
[Apple combined with pineapple?]
Pineapple pen.
Pen pineapple apple pen.
This should be named
pen pineapple...
[One more time!]
[Pen pineapple apple pen]
It's so pretty.
[Done]
It's pretty.
- Mommy, daddy.
- Thank you.
[So touched]
[Pleased]
Love shot, love shot!
[Led by mommy]
[Silly]
Love shot.
She's going to take a picture.
[Look over here]
We should take a picture.
1, 2, 3.
Ask them how they like it, Lisa.
[Thumbs up]
Nice? Nice? OK?
OK.
[Thankful to each other]
- Thank you. - Thank you for the food.
[There's more?]
I got another surprise for you.
What is it?
[Mommy's handmade gifts]
- It's brand-new photos. - I know.
Your mom is really artsy.
[Full of surprises]
Did your mom make it herself?
She did.
[She made each page with her love]
[A photo book with pictures
and messages]
- She stayed up all night last night.
- Really?
[So grateful]
May health, happiness, and good time
greet you.
Be happy. Stay healthy.
I wish you always be happy in your life
and achieve all your goals.
Thank you.
How do you feel to meet
all of us together for the first time?
It's the long-awaited moment.
I'm so thrilled.
I'd like to meet you all
together more often.
I always hoped you'd
come visit us often.
[Teary]
Thank you, mommy.
I ate the most in Thailand
when Lisa's mom cooked for us.
It was so touching.
[Still emotional] It makes me really emotional.
I don't know why. It's weird.
[The family who rely on each other
and grow together]
[As the sun goes down,
the sky turns pink]
[Night in Bangkok]
[Where are Blackpink members
at the first night in Bangkok?]
[Gorgeous style different
from the daytime look]
Thank you.
[Flower-like girls with flower
bouquets are entering]
["M" Rooftop Bar] [At the top of B hotel]
[Hot place for night view in Bangkok]
[Against the clear sky]
[Place where people can
enjoy the landscape in Bangkok]
Very high.
So pretty.
[You're beautiful, too]
So beautiful.
- Perfect.
- The sky is pink.
[Pink sky is welcoming them]
The color is so beautiful.
I visited here with JENNIE
earlier this year.
It was so beautiful.
I was able to see everything.
[Let's share together]
As we're in Thailand,
[Place that Lisa wanted to show]
I wanted to share it with members.
There are so many high buildings
in Bangkok. It's so wide!
[#Lisa tour #Night rooftop]
[Ambitious tour course that Lisa prepared]
Bangkok is so wide.
[We are free]
So cool.
[A 360-degree landscape
that is so beautiful]
Happy.
I like high places.
[Crybaby Chaeng]
I'm in the mood to cry. So beautiful!
[Separately] [Group 1, group 2]
You're so...
[Aren't you here together?]
It is shocking.
[#Can't stop clicking the shutter]
[#Every corner is a photo zone]
One, two.
1, 2, 3.
So beautiful.
[#Best pictures ever]
[It's like... um... a photoshoot?]
One.
[So we prepared this for fans]
[For your convenience to make
screenshots, we'll not provide subtitles]
[BPH Film in Bangkok]
So beautiful.
[Are you going to keep taking pics?]
Crazy.
So beautiful! Amazing.
[Saying "Oh my god" for 30 minutes...]
Oh my god.
[Passion for great pictures]
- Good. Good.
- This is our real daily life.
We do nothing but taking pics.
[Blackpink's daily life -
taking pics = 0]
[Professionally striking a pose]
- Please take pics for me. - There.
[Looking at the camera]
[They're professional]
Your hair.
Never ending.
[They sat down after the sun sat]
Screwed. I want to take one more.
- I look amazing in the pic.
- I took the picture!
Pictures are the medium
to bring memories back.
[Excuse for taking 100 pictures]
- The mood was so amazing last time.
- Right.
The mood was amazing here.
- I was sorry for not taking a lot of pics.
- Me, too.
- Once you're here, it feels like
you know the true night of Bangkok.
- Right.
[Title: ]
It's so amazing.
[In love with the night view]
So beautiful.
Chaeyoung.
[Oh, what's this?]
Jack.
[Did you call me?]
- Hey, it feels like we're on a boat.
- Are you taking pics with Chaeyoung's?
I'm flying.
[The world of them]
It feels like we're flying. Try this.
[First timers to a rooftop bar]
It feels like flying.
- We're flying.
- Right? Look over there.
[And the second timers...
Stark comparison]
- Good. - It feels like flying.
[Flying] [Chilling out]
- I'm flying! - 2 pics.
I just took 2 pics for them.
[Flapping wings]
[Girls who enjoyed their flight(?)]
[made a toast for the first travel]
It was so much fun today.
It just began!
[Sipping cocktail,
enjoying the night view]
- Did your parents go home?
- Yes, they did.
Really? Please tell them
we were so grateful.
I didn't have a chance
to say thank you.
- Lisa used to come to my parents' place and had meals.
- Right.
This time, Lisa's parents
cooked for us.
[Members cared about the youngest
member who is away from her parents]
- I'm so proud of that. - Right.
I had many chances to see my parents.
Whenever I did, I always
thought Lisa would miss her parents.
[Lisa stayed at the dorm during holidays]
We used to go home during Chuseok
or Lunar New Year's day.
When CEO Yang gave some pocket money,
she bought a ukulele
and played it while singing
at the dorm during holidays.
[Sad] [Lisa spent holidays with a ukulele]
It was heart-breaking.
[Unexpected twist]
Playing a ukulele was the trend in Thailand.
[Trend-setter Lisa]
It was amazing that she always
followed the trend in her hometown.
[I had to know for my mom]
Because I had to chat with my mom.
If I don't know such trends,
I had no topics to talk with her.
[Backpack is a must] [A laptop, too]
Lisa always carries a heavy backpack.
I asked her why she carried it all the time.
Because she wanted to have
Facetime with her mom.
[Mom's big fan Lisa]
Right.
[How was today's Bangkok tour?]
- How was today's tour? - Loved it.
- I love it.
[Customers are satisfied]
- I love this place. - Right, this is the best.
Actually, I saw the pic of you
and wanted to visit here.
[She wanted to go there someday
and today is the day!]
- After looking at the pic? - Good.
It's all the more beautiful at night.
[Different view from the daytime]
[Exotic night view in Bangkok]
So beautiful. Like Las Vegas.
It feels totally different.
[#Altogether]
It's hard to visit such a hip place in Korea.
[#Good weather]
It's hard to enjoy this perfect weather.
- Right, everything.
- The weather is so perfect.
[Perfect Blackpink-night!]
You know, getting relaxed.
[Bangkok freedom]
[A totally relaxing day]
Everyone dreams about it.
In another city,
other than Seoul.
[With close friends]
- In front of the night landscape.
- Let's take a selfie together.
[Looking around]
We enjoyed chatting.
[And looking at each other]
I was so happy for this memorable day.
[A present-like day that
four of them enjoyed together]
[Sentimental and relaxing night]
[Bangkok's night is just beginning]
[Lisa's Bangkok tour]
[The last tour course of the first day]
[Amusement park?]
It's like an amusement park.
Wow! What's this?
[Asiatique]
[Bangkok's famous night market]
[Where are Rosé and Lisa going?]
Show him our tickets.
[Ferris wheel that shows
the beautiful night landscape]
Wow, so excited!
[Perfect place for Ro-Chaeng
who loves high places] It's going up!
- It's faster than I thought.
- Yes.
Sisters!
[Jen-Chu who drives buggies]
- What? - It looks fun! They're driving carts!
[That's it!]
Let's join them after getting off this.
[Driver Jennie]
[Driver Jisoo]
[Vroom!]
[Run, run! Race in the midnight]
[Follow me if you can!]
[I'll catch you!]
[They lost track of time
while enjoying buggy car driving]
[Throwing]
You can do it!
[What's the next step?]
Try three more!
These dress is so beautiful.
I want to shop clothes.
- Really?
- What about this?
This looks pretty.
[Rosé stopped at the entrance of mall]
This is pretty.
[I can't keep my eyes off clothes]
[They can't take two steps at a time]
So cute.
[Why... Again...]
Oh, my. My bangs.
They're so messed up.
[Comb for bangs]
I need to carry this.
They became flat again.
[B: Blocking my view]
[A: Ah, my bangs]
[N: Now I want to do something
about my bangs!]
We're shopping staples.
[Jendeuk-Chichoo's shopping strategy]
Let's buy staples or something unique.
[What's the first thing
that came in her sight?]
T-shirt is dancing.
[Club T-shirt: Something unique]
Why is it dancing?
[Fancy ball: Not a staple
but something unique]
Isn't it pretty?
[Polyester baggy pants: Not unique
but a staple] It looks so comfortable.
May I buy this?
It only costs 150 baht.
[Let's buy them all...]
[Bangkok's night was hotter than the day...]
[Blackpink morning!]
[Rise and shine, Jen-Chu-Li-Chaeng!]
[Oh?]
[Where are they?]
"Bitterman?"
- "Bitterman".
- Pretty. - Is this the one?
- Brunch cafe?
- Yes, it is.
[Wow]
It's so nice.
[Bangkok tour guided by Lisa]
- Isn't it nice? - Yes.
[2nd day - Brunch cafe
(Recommended by Instagramers)]
It's trendy.
["B" brunch restaurant]
Many young people come here.
[Exotic interior decoration
draws popularity on social media]
- A hot place? - Yes.
[What Blackpink does
at a hot place]
[We remember a hot place
with pictures...]
[Now we know that, and wait...
- Production team]
You guys looked at different cams.
You looked at this and you looked at that.
Let's look at this first.
1, 2, 3.
[#Pretty girl next to pretty girl]
[#Another pretty girl
takes pics for pretty girls]
1, 2, 3.
So beautiful.
It's so beautiful!
Oh my god!
Pretty, pretty.
[Pretty, pretty.]
[Perfect pictures for Instagram]
1, 2.
Hang on. OK. 1, 2.
[Is she a fan of Blackpink?]
- Pretty. - I guess we need to turn on flash.
Stay still. 1, 2.
[Let me take pics for you]
[I'll save this pics]
[#Like it #Share
#Haven't you tap it?]
Good.
[Photo time is over! Let's order!]
- Is it OK? - Yes.
Tom Yum Kung.
[Rose's regular pick Tom Yum Kung]
I can see it on menu at every restaurants.
[No... please]
- I want to have steak.
- Lemon grass. - Chicken.
[Aren't we here for brunch?]
I want to have steak.
[Meat only] [Love for steak]
I'll have steak.
I'll have fish and chips.
- Cinnamon toast, apple crumble!
- Apple crumble!
[And others]
And chicken salad.
[They're not reading the menu
but ordering breakfast]
Let's order Tom Yum Kung, salad
and fish and chips.
Will you join us, right?
[Then...]
Let's order.
This and beef rice and onion.
Mushroom truffle pasta.
[I guess you were so hungry...]
We eat a lot.
[Here is your drink]
Thank you.
It's thick.
- Lemonade.
Thank you.
[Umm...]
It tastes like my favorite ice tea.
I love it.
Thai tea.
- Like a commercial.
- Isn't she an honorary ambassador of Thailand?
[(Unofficial) Honorary
ambassador of Thailand]
[What they ordered are being served]
- Chicken salad. - Thank you.
[It looks yum]
Fish and chips?
[Looks so delicious]
Fish and chips look so yum!
[Fish and chips]
[Beef rice and onion]
[Tom Yum Kung]
Chaeyoung, your favorite dish.
[Grilled pork chop]
It looks so yum.
[Mushroom truffle pasta]
It looks delicious.
Oh, my god!
[How many servings for four?]
- We eat a lot. - Thank you.
[Warm-up is ready]
[Let's start!] Bon appetite.
It's delicious.
It was pork.
[Dance for delicious soup]
[My best favorite dish]
[Focusing on Tom Yum Kung]
[I can't skip taking pics]
[Downloading everything to her cam]
[Yum]
[Yummy]
[Blackpink members eat a lot]
- Delicious. - Right?
Chaeyoung eats a lot.
[Rosé eats a lot1.mkv]
[Chaeyoung is...]
- Won't you sit closer together?
- 1...
[She eats regardless of
what others do]
She's angry.
[She's still eating when
others taking pics of food]
Your salad is...
- It's in the pic.
- Oh, my!
[She eats when she dipped
her sleeve in soup]
- Your top. - Oh, my.
[She just keeps eating]
[Love it]
- Awesome.
- This rice is delicious. - Right?
I'm glad that we ordered this.
Otherwise, we must have regretted.
[Robot-like Lisa]
It sounded like reciting a memorized line.
[Mimicking Lisa-bot]
I'm glad that we ordered this.
Otherwise, we must have regretted.
A bug!
Is there a bug?
[Ants are coming to see them]
Oh my god.
[Ants are (chubby)]
Ants.
[Working (tap tap)]
Working...
[So hard today (tap tap)]
- So hard today. - Really.
[Not the end?]
Ants are not saying
[Singing so passionately]
anything but...
[Please stop]
- They're sweating...
- Most people stop now.
[Feeling full] [Slowly chewing]
I guess I'm full now.
Lisa, what are we going to do
in Bangkok?
[What are we going to do?]
I'm asking you to set up some plans.
[Yup]
- Think about it.
- What are we going to do today?
[Let me think about it]
Let's go back to the hotel
[Let's take a break at the hotel]
and decide what to do.
- OK.
- Great.
I'm so full.
I've been full for several days.
- Let's go.
- Let's take a walk.
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver]
JTBC2 E04 Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Blackpink came back
to the hotel]
- Full.
- I'm sleepy.
[Jisoo, are you OK?]
We're sleepy when we're full.
- Food...
- Food coma.
[Feeling drowsy after
having a feast for breakfast]
[Deep sleep...]
[Ding dong]
[Huh?]
[Lisa's mom is here again?]
- Who is it? - Lisa's mom is back.
Mom, just come in.
Nobody is here.
[Nobody is here?]
[Peeping]
[Hi]
It's like a birthday cake.
Birthday cake?
[Mysterious pink and black box]
- What's that?
- A birthday cake-like box.
What's in it?
[Cake box] [Let's pick it up]
- I'm full. - Me, too.
[Hoping it's not food]
- I hope it's not something to eat.
- Black and pink. - What's this?
[Let's open without hesitation]
[What's this?]
There is something in the box.
A map is in the box.
[What's this?]
"This is for you".
"Coupon for a trip to Koh Samui
for 3 days and 2 nights".
Really?
[Amazing!]
- Let's go to Koh Samui!
- Let's go. - Koh Samui!
[Koh Samui]
[Beach looks like a blue carpet]
[There's no line between
the sky and the sea]
[Full of exotic charms
like an European beach]
[Koh Samui's night is
more beautiful than the day]
[Koh Samui Airport]
- Now I realize that we're abroad.
- Right.
[BLINKS are waiting for them
even in Koh Samui]
[How did they know this?
BLINK is welcoming Blackpink]
[Moving to the dorm]
It feels like a genuine city in Thailand.
This trip is full of unexpected turns.
[Having brunch in Bangkok
and spending afternoon in Koh Samui]
Now we're in Koh Samui!
[Koh Samui! So excited!]
I'm so excited. My heart is racing!
There are not many shops here.
There's nothing much on the street.
Like an isolated place.
[No shops, no passers-by...]
[It looks like we're getting farther away]
I think we're going away from the beach.
[Not the sea but an isolated place?]
[Expected scenario: sleeping outdoors]
I guess they'll leave us in a grass house.
[Expected scenario: making fire]
- With the thatched roof. - Right.
We have only stones and wood.
[CEO Yang's big picture:
Isolated island + Jungle?]
He said "Luxury" to fool us!
[No way...]
When Jennie said,
"Are we on the right way? Nervous".
[Anxiety is contagious]
I started feeling nervous.
[The car entered in the forest]
Koh Samui!
[As they go up, they feel more nervous]
- Going up! - It's very high.
[I hope not]
Will they leave us at the peak?
- We're here now.
- I'm so scared.
[They thought they arrived at the hotel]
Hurry up!
- Be careful.
- Here, here.
[They need to ride a buggy]
Nervous!
[They just got in the buggy]
- Why do they like it? - I don't know.
I guess they don't know what will happen.
[Cautious]
[Huh? The cart started moving away]
- Why did they send us off?
- What's happening?
Tell us the truth!
[1. Let's claim that we're innocent]
Did we do something wrong? I guess not.
[2. They look suspicious!]
Why did they send us off while smiling?
- Please stop smiling!
- Stop smiling!
Let's see if I'm just suspicious
or I have a good sixth sense.
[Sending you off with smiles...
Wish you happiness there!]
- Scared. - Look at that.
[Whatever-saying-and-singing-party]
"Blackpink friends, let's go! Let's go!"
"Let's find a hotel room.
Let's go! Let's go!"
[They arrived at a certain place...]
I guess this is it.
Arrived?
[Not moving at all]
Where are we now?
[Brave young girls got off the buggy first]
Let's go!
[Older ones are following]
[Let's see...]
Amazing!
[Wow]
[Jennie is surprised]
[Koh Samui Hotel]
[Welcome]
[So nice]
It's very nice!
[Sorry for being suspicious]
Amazing!
I want to go around.
[Let me introduce this room for Blackpink]
[Spacious bathroom that
even four can stand inside]
[But it's open]
Hey, it's the shower booth.
It's too open.
- Embarrassing.
- I won't take a shower.
- Is it a pool?
- Yes.
[With a private pool]
We have our own pool!
[Swimming pool]
- We can swim whenever we like.
- Right.
[It's too early to be amazed]
So gorgeous!
[It will look more beautiful
when the sun comes up!]
[Against the sea]
[Pool villa where they can
enjoy a relaxing vacation]
Why do we have a coke
in the glass there?
[Coke?]
Did somebody leave it here?
[Sweet dessert and
sweet welcome message]
There's a note!
And macarons!
[To Kim Jisoo, Kim Jennie]
"Hello, Kim Jisoo and Kim Jennie".
This is our room.
- For Kim Jisoo and Kim Jennie.
- Sorry but please get out.
[Please get out!]
How dare you came into my place
with shoes on?
[Sorry...]
CEO Yang has never betrayed us.
- CEO Yang, we're in Koh Samui!
- Thank you so much!
[This shows how excited they are]
[Blackpink is so happy
in Koh Samui]
[Jennie's selfie cam]
[Jennie who loves black
her pajama is black, too]
[Short clothes are black, too]
I'm unpacking now.
[Black, black, black]
Putting clothes I wore together...
I'm walking to the bathroom.
[Carefully walking
in the dark corridor]
Hey, I think we can do this.
[Jisoo is here! I'm chillin!]
Hey! I'm lying on the bed.
Taking a rest!
[One step, two steps]
This is our bathroom.
[Hitting her foot on the corner]
[Pain that everyone knows]
It almost killed me.
You may expect I would show
how I wash my face.
[BLINKs would be so disappointed...]
Nope. I won't show that.
[Let's see her naked face next time]
I'll go and wash my face.
Bye!
[A girl who puts on sheet mask every day]
This is my daily routine.
- I want to show this off.
- Let's do that.
[Hair claw clip]
I bought this, too.
[Jen-Chu's love for claw clips]
- I put it in the luggage. - Love for clips!
Here.
I will bite you!
BLINK, good night.
Sounds cringe-worthy.
Bye!
[See you tomorrow, bye]
Bye.
[Koh Samui in the morning]
[Please enjoy the beautiful
landscape that you missed yesterday]
[Older sisters in pajamas
are visiting younger ones]
Hey, good morning.
Is the door open?
[Hey!]
Nobody is here?
[Li-Chaeng are gone]
Is this the right villa?
Not this one?
- Are they swimming?
- They're not in the room.
[Where are they?]
I guess they went out.
[Peek-a-boo!]
You're good at hiding.
[I thought you were blankets]
I didn't notice you were there.
[Suffocated 1, suffocated 2]
Look. I thought it was just a blanket.
[20 minutes before they entered]
Put your legs under the blanket.
[Lying flat]
[Peeping]
[Are they coming?]
[It was fun]
I thought it was an empty bed.
[Come on in, come on in]
Come here.
[You got me]
- Come on in. - Hang on.
[Stay there, I'll run to you]
Chaeyoung, stay still.
[Jen-Chu-Li-Chaeng who love
to be together after a night apart]
We need to set up plans
on what to do here.
I want to stay in the bed.
[Whining]
[Not wanting to go out]
No, we need to plan what to do.
[Having no plans...]
[If you do so, I must do this]
I'll make plans first.
Let's make plans and
choose nice ones.
- I want to do several things.
- I knew she would set up plans.
[I knew you would join]
[Training skills for Blackpink +10]
[Even though I'm sleepy...]
Sleepy.
[I want to do many stuffs]
But I want to do many things.
[Making to-do-lists]
Plans? Things I want to do?
[Chichoo, dictator of Blackpink]
Yes. We will choose nice ones.
[Let's set up a plan for breakfast]
I want to have breakfast first.
[Breakfast is ready]
Good!
[Yum yum yum]
[We need a plan for this sudden vacation]
Why am I feeling gloomy?
[So many things to do]
What? Change it.
[I'll write down whatever I want to do]
- Are you making plans now?
- I'm done.
[Lisa always goes first]
Lisa, read yours.
My list title is awesome.
[Have you heard?]
Nala-Lisa tour. (Lisa's nickname)
[Nala-Lisa's tour schedule]
1. Take a rest all day and
go outside in the evening.
[Isn't it exciting?]
[2. Enjoy dinner at the market]
Have dinner at the night market.
Good!
[3. Enjoy a fire show at a beach bar]
And take a break while enjoying
a fire show at a beach bar!
[Plans of sleeping, eating
and enjoying]
I appreciate your efforts
that you put in the list.
But it's waste of time
if we go out only in the evening.
Even though we're sleepy,
we need to walk around.
[Jisoo didn't seem pleased
with Lisa's plan...]
[But she enjoyed dinner
at the night market]
[And she will be so excited
at the fire show]
Will you check out mine?
Don't be surprised.
[1. Lie down]
- Your drawing is amazing.
- 1. Lie down.
Look. "Comfy".
[2. Get a massage]
- 2. Massage.
- Look. you said "Lie down".
[3. Roll in the bed]
3. Take a rest on the bed.
[Rolling around!]
[What a consistent character...]
Awesome plans!
[Minimum moving distance]
Let's take a nap.
[Lie down = Roll in the bed
= Get a massage]
- How does it feel? Nice? - Yes.
- Chaeyoung, your turn.
- Chaeng tour.
[1. Go to a high place
(With a typo in Korean)]
There's a typo.
- This doesn't mean a "place" but "soon".
- Place!
[We will reach a high place soon]
Yes, I mixed both meanings.
- Let's go to a high place soon.
- Even a foreigner knows this.
[Thai girl who knows Korean
grammars so well] Really!
[She's not a foreigner]
[Thai-Korean LALISA]
[Rosé will reach this high place soon!]
[Let's blow off steam at the high place!]
[What is Jennie's plan?]
Jendeuk tour.
[1. Beach]
[2. Water
3. Pool]
I'll go to beach
and drink water.
This water doesn't mean swimming.
I'll drink water.
Why did I say a pool here?
We'll go back to the our private pool.
[No boats]
What's that? Mul-Mi-Shim-Hae?
- I am seasick.
- OK.
- I'm seasick.
[They went to the beach as planned]
Scared! I can't do this!
[She drank a lot of water!
A lot!]
[Four of them had different plans]
Four plans are so different.
Right.
[What should we do?]
Let's do them all!
[All of them?]
[Yes, all of them!
[Let's get ready for outing!]
Let's go!
Hilarious.
[This is like...]
I've been dreaming of this.
[Like a scene from a movie]
After saying "Oh, good morning,"
[Take 1: Stretch herself
Take 2: Jump into the pool]
I will jump into the pool.
- Look at the sea!
- Beach!
It's so exotic.
[Realizing they're in Thailand]
- Now... - Chaeyoung, no!
[She's ready for a jump in the pool]
- Chaeyoung! - Please stop her.
It looks like Chaeyoung's
legs are short.
- Will you jump into the water on the beach?
- Sure.
[We don't have much time]
Let's move! The sun will go down soon!
- Let's go! Hurry up!
- This is what we do on a tour.
[I was putting my plan into action...]
- Hurry up! - Hurry up!
[When it becomes busy]
[in the morning ours,
they are headed to the beach]
[The only Thai they know]
No money.
- You memorized it.
- Discount please.
[Thai teacher is very satisfied]
Amazing!
[Acting as if they are haggling over price]
[Now they can act pitiful]
[Jisoo: (Pitiful) I don't have any money]
[Jennie: (Even more pitiful)
Some discount please]
You can now go around without me.
- What? They sell chicken skewers!
- Skewers. Chicken skewers.
Chicken skewers. Skewers.
[Blackpink House EP.2, Jisoo's favorite,
chicken skewers] I want chicken skewers!
[Composed by Jisoo, 'Ode to Chicken]
"Chicken skewers, I need to eat chicken skewers".
[New song by Jisoo] [Chicken skewers]
"I want to eat chicken skewers".
"They are selling chicken skewers".
"They sell pizza as well".
"And hamburger".
[A cappella in perfect harmony]
Can you believe that this was improvised?
[She forgot the chicken skewers. All of a sudden]
I want the tube!
- Unicorn tube!
- Tube please!
[Chicken skewer, pizza, hamburger, and tube]
[Arrived]
[Al's Laemson Beach]
[The sound of the wave created by
the ocean and the sand]
[Welcome]
[Jennie's tour, enjoying the beaches of
Koh Samui]
[This is now #100cation_reality!]
I want to put my feet in water.
[They are all excited although it's cold]
It's cold!
Hello, marine life.
Hello.
[Come on, wave]
I'm scared.
[The sea is getting up with the wind]
- Why does it hurt? Why is it rough? - It hurts.
[Ta-da. How she avoids the wave]
She just stretched.
I was like this, but I straightened my legs
when the water came like this.
[Super child]
[Hi, I'm not afraid of the waves]
[Very excited]
[Let me sing a song in the ocean wind]
[Chorus 1, chorus 2]
[High note that goes up endlessly
in front of the open sea]
Hello.
- Are we getting on them?
- Can we get on that?
Girls, do you want to get on that?
[The highlight of water sports, jet ski]
We can go for it now.
Let's go!
[A.k.a Usain Blackpink, they just run]
[Never knew that the ocean was
such a fun place]
Look at this.
[Safety first]
Let's have fun today and not get hurt.
Let's not get hurt.
[All right]
She sounds angry.
[Jisoo and Lisa first]
Bye.
[Filmed after all the safety drills
and in cooperation with the staff]
[Ready]
[Go!]
[For the first time]
[They drive quite well]
I'm the captain.
[Captain Choo sparrow]
I'm the captain of this boat.
OK?
[I'm cool]
I'm tough!
[But she seems to be a bit scared]
[Trying to stay calm]
[Running away]
What's wrong? She's too fast.
[Thumbs up for Lisa]
Lisa!
[Ta-da]
[Is this their first time?]
[They are like experts]
Look at Lisa.
[She jumped]
[Oh my]
What did she do?
[I won't lose!]
Me too.
[Oh my]
[I'm scared. Let me just lose]
It's scary.
Look at Jisoo.
[So funny]
What is she doing? So funny.
[Go through the waves]
Very fast.
- Jisoo is super quick.
- Oh my.
[I'm a tough girl]
[Now she can even wave her hands]
[But as the speed goes up,
they can't avoid the water] I'm getting wet.
I can see why.
It's because of Lisa's boat.
Because of LALISA!
[No, I'm getting wet as well]
[I want to drink water]
I want to go to the beach and drink water.
[Was this part of your plan, Jennie?]
[My turn]
[Jennie and Rosé is on jet ski]
[Starting the engine]
[Let me run]
[Tough Jennie speeds up from the beginning]
[Her twin tails fly in the wind]
- Her twin tails fly in the wind. - Very cute.
It's fun!
[With the twin tails flying in the air, she sped up]
[As she planned this, she is the most excited one]
- Chaeyoung is super slow though.
- Chaeyoung, drive!
[Keeping safety distance
with the boat at the front]
Run, Park Chaeng!
[Wait up Chaeng!]
[Let me go first]
[Speedy Jennie outruns her]
So funny.
[Like a dolphin]
[She makes sound the most though]
[#Jet_ski, #Speed_maniac, #Successful]
[But the fun begins now]
[Let's fly this time]
We have to ride it one by one.
Let's do rock-paper-scissors.
[Jennie doesn't do it]
Rock-paper-scissors. Rock-paper-scissors.
[Anxious]
Rock-paper-scissors. Aren't you the first?
You're the first.
[Jennie's face is serious]
- Why don't you go ahead?
- I feel seasick.
OK. I feel seasick.
[That's right. Jennie is seasick]
I'm seasick.
[Parasailing looks like it will make her seasick]
[Is she going to give up?]
[Check out the next episode]
[Blackpink House]
[Welcome to Koh Samui]
[Blackpink's journey continues]
[Very happy]
[I love you]
[From the afternoon full of energy]
[Till night filled with food]
Awesome!
[As if there's no tomorrow]
[They've enjoyed from day to night]
[But]
[It's raining]
[Yes, it's raining a lot]
It's raining hard.
How come we always bring rain?
Can we do that?
[Blackpink brings rain]
I think it will be all right.
[The last day of their trip to Thailand]
[Will they finish it all right?]